
Software used by Tavern
***********************

Tavern is made possible by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Volunteer coders from around the world have contributed to various
projects which are used within Tavern. Many of these are listed below.

Tavern contains code from and/or uses libraries from the following
projects:

      User-Agent.info (Creative Commons Attribution 3)
         http://user-agent-string.info/

      Font Awesome!
         http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/

      Beautiful Soup (Python License)
         http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/

      jQuery.splitter.js (MIT)
         http://methvin.com/splitter/ - The Image of the grabber is
         used.

      Mongo and the Mongo-Python-Driver (AGPL)
         The AGPL only applies to mongo directly, and does not 'taint'
         Tavern. See the attached clarification from 10Gen.
         http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Licensing

            https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver

      Tornado (Apache)
         http://www.tornadoweb.org/

      PostMarkup (Politeness)
         http://code.google.com/p/postmarkup/ Python3 port at
         https://github.com/e1ven/py3-postmarkup

      MaxMind GeoIP used for GeoLocation (LGPL)
         The code is LGPL - The Data is under CC-BY-SA3. This data
         license only applies to the data itself. See Clarification at
         bottom of this document.

            http://www.maxmind.com/app/c
            http://www.maxmind.com/app/python/

      PyGeoIP (For Pure-Python reading of the Above)
         http://code.google.com/p/pygeoip/

      Multifile.js ( Use this however/wherever you like )
         http://the-stickman.com/web-development/javascript/upload-
         multiple-files-with-a-single-file-element/

      ColResizable (MIT)
         http://quocity.com/colresizable/

      python-hashes (MIT)
         https://github.com/sangelone/python-hashes

   Normalize (MIT)
      https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/

   SASS Bourbon

      Robohash - http://Robohash.org (MIT)
         "Robots lovingly delivered by Robohash.org"

      At least one icon is included from glyphish.com.

      jQuery Tools v1.2.6 - Some CSS was copied for the Tooltip. It
      gives the following license " * NO COPYRIGHTS OR LICENSES. DO
      WHAT YOU LIKE."

      pyYaml (MIT)

      Python-Magic (PSF)

      httpagentparser (MIT)

      Decorators.py is forked from
      https://github.com/1stvamp/memorised/ (BSD)

      user-agent-string.info Data and Python code used (Creative
      Commons BY3.0)

      Garlic.js - https://github.com/guillaumepotier/Garlic.js (MIT)

      Video.js http://videojs.com/ - (LGPL)

      Audio.js http://kolber.github.com/audiojs/ (MIT)

      MouseTrap http://craig.is/killing/mice (Apache 2)

   JavaScript Vertical Splitter - http://www.stevefenton.co.uk/Content
   /JavaScript-Vertical-Splitter/ (Apache via email)

   Unveil - https://github.com/luis-almeida/unveil (MIT)

   jquery-throttle https://github.com/mekwall/jquery-throttle (MIT)

   zxcvbn - https://github.com/lowe/zxcvbn (MIT)

   jstorage - http://www.jstorage.info/  (MIT)

      json3 - http://bestiejs.github.com/json3/ (MIT)

      jquery.ui.widget.js - Used in the Fileupload -
      https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui (MIT)

      jQuery Json - https://code.google.com/p/jquery-json/ (MIT)

      jQuery upload - https://github.com/blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload
      (MIT)

      IE9.js - https://code.google.com/p/ie7-js/ - (MIT)

      Python-gnupg - http://code.google.com/p/python-gnupg (BSD)

      The English Open Word List - http://dreamsteep.com/projects/53
      -the-english-open-word-list-eowl.html

      mongolike - https://github.com/JerrySievert/mongolike (MIT)

      EpicEditor - http://epiceditor.com/ (MIT)

---

Some HTML was inspired or used from the following webpages-

https://github.com/tommoor/HackerNew (MIT)
http://kevinburke.bitbucket.org/markdowncss/markdown.css (Apache)
http://www.designcouch.com/home/why/2013/05/23/dead-simple-pure-css-
loading-spinner/

Additional code is used with permission.

---   python-browscap  (MIT) ---

Sorry for the late response. It is ok for me that you can use my code
under any license you like :)

Regards Henning

--- Vertical Splitter via email --- License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may
obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

http://www.jsplugins.com/Scripts/Plugins/View/JavaScript-Vertical-
Splitter/

--- yENC license --- (No longer used)

Hi Colin, I apologize for my bad English. Actually It's been a very
long time since I last worked on yenc module and I really don't have a
repository for the source, the only sources lying around I'm aware of
are those from the Debian repository. Just let me know which version
you're using and I will release it in under LGPL (or consider yourself
fully authorized to make all the necessary modifications in
disclaimers and comments, I know this is not an orthodox approach)

--- Auto-linked Markdown ---

Thanks for reading! I'm glad the code is helpful to you. Please
consider it licensed under the following BSD license:

Copyright (c) 2011, GreaterDebater, LLC

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of
the GreaterDebater, LLC nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

I hope that helps.

Thanks,

Gabe

--- Python port of Github flavored Markdown ---

Hi Colin,

How's this?

http://gregbrown.co.nz/code/license/

Cheers, Greg

Unless otherwise specified, all code on this site is licensed as
follows:

Copyright (c) 2010 Greg Brown gregbrown.co.nz All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
   promote products derived from this software without specific prior
   written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR >>``<<AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---- 10 Gen Mongo ----

Our goal with using AGPL is to preserve the concept of copyleft with
MongoDB. With traditional GPL, copyleft was associated with the
concept of distribution of software. The problem is that nowadays,
distribution of software is rare: things tend to run in the cloud.
AGPL fixes this “loophole” in GPL by saying that if you use the
software over a network, you are bound by the copyleft. Other than
that, the license is virtually the same as GPL v3.

Note however that it is never required that applications using mongo
be published. The copyleft applies only to the mongod and mongos
database programs. This is why Mongo DB drivers are all licensed under
an Apache license. Your application, even though it talks to the
database, is a separate program and “work”.

--- Python Fast BBcode processing --

> Is there a license on your BBcode parser? ;)

Do whatever you want with it =) Stanislav Vishnevskiy

--- RSS.py ---

Hi Colin,

I never expected that someone might be interested in that code! I
grant you permission to use it in any way you prefer, no need to keep
the copyright notices too.

So, feel free to modify it and don't hesitate to ask if anything is
unclear.

Good luck with your project!

Zaur

======================================================================

UK Advanced Cryptics Dictionary Licensing Information: (Used as part
of the EOWL wordlist)

Copyright © J Ross Beresford 1993-1999. All Rights Reserved. The
following restriction is placed on the use of this publication: if the
UK Advanced Cryptics Dictionary is used in a software package or
redistributed in any form, the copyright notice must be prominently
displayed and the text of this document must be included verbatim.

======================================================================

Data is used from http://user-agent-string.info/download

Data download (data file for UASparser, icons for UASparser, samples
useragentstrings and crawler IP addresses) are available under license
Creative Commons: Attribution 3.0 Unported

======================================================================

The GeoLite databases are distributed under the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. The attribution
requirement may be met by including the following in all advertising
and documentation mentioning features of or use of this database:

This product includes GeoLite data created by MaxMind, available from
<a href="http://www.maxmind.com">http://www.maxmind.com</a>.

Thanks for reaching out. Please see my answers below.

1) The Share Alike license doesn't mean you have to release your app
for free. However, if you "remix, transform, or build upon the
material, you must distribute your contributions under the same
license as the original." (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-
sa/3.0/#). So if you build on the database by appending other data for
example, the end product would have to have the same license (or you
could purchase a commercial redistribution license for it
http://www.maxmind.com/en/builder).

2. You wouldn't necessarily need to include the attribution in a
   youtube ad that you make but it should be clear to anyone that
   wants to learn more about the app or that makes use of the data
   that the GeoLite/GeoLite2 data was created by MaxMind.
