
Philosophy
**********

   [image]On the internet, no one knows who you are.

Each of us have opinions - We like certain political parties, or hate
certain musicians. It can be fun to share these interests with our
friends - My bumper stickers tell the world that I like Apple
computers and GNU software. But sometimes, sharing what we're into can
cause problems - People have lost their jobs because of the politicans
they support, or ideas they endorse.

Humans are social creatures, and we ought to be able to share our
thoughts, ideas, and dreams without having to justify each part who we
are. Tavern lets us be free to express ourselves.


Tavern lets us create, share, and express ourselves with the world. No matter what.
===================================================================================

We've seen the internet accelerate social change across the world,
making it easier than ever before to organize with others, and make
our voices heard. But as we've gained in strength, the forces in power
have noticed, and begun to supress communication, silence protests,
and control what we can see.

Tavern fights back, by building a network that's difficult to block or
shut down. There's no central server to shut off, or company who can
delete your posts. Tavern is all of us, sharing ideas and discussions,
while preserving communications around the world.


Tavern is our way of fighting back.
===================================

Over the last few years, we've seen an increasing number of attacks on
the internet. Government proposals such as SOPA, PIPA, and ACTA try to
control what we can see and share online. At the same time, companies
such as Google and Facebook are increasingly tying everything we do a
our offline identity - Putting us in danger of reprisals or stalking,
and encouraging us to self-censor our ideals.

Tavern is our way of fighting against those who want to restrict our
online freedoms. It's our way of defending the internet we've come to
love, and making sure it's there for those yet to come.
